Update repositories (#6765)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/customizing/foundation/working-with-data/repositories.md

};
```

> With a repository we can have different data sources depending on the state of the app. It can be from a server, an offline database, a store, a Signal-R connection, etc. That means that the consumer will not have to be concerned how to access the data, add or remove items from a collection, etc. This means we get a loose connection between the consumer and the data-storing procedures hiding all complex implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a repository we can have different data sources depending on the state of the app. The data sources can come from places like a server, an offline database, a store, or a Signal-R connection. That means that the consumer will not have to be concerned how to access the data, add or remove items from a collection, etc. This means we get a loose connection between the consumer and the data-storing procedures hiding all complex implementation.
```
